Each major airport is distinguished by its distinguishing characteristics.
Some pilots believe that each airport runway has unique features.
Depending on the weather and time of day.
These attributes can be changed
When it is sunny, it has certain characteristics,
When a storm blows, the situation becomes quite different.
And to help pilots adapt to the full runway features
Boeing and Embraer have worked together to develop a program
Depends on a long-term strategy on pilot control.
This program is called "awareness of the status of the runway".
[Marissa Jenkins, Principal Engineer in the establishment of the "Awareness of the Status of the Runway" program] The promiscuity is the main causative
For aviation accidents in recent years.
Disruptions occur when the plane abruptly deviates from the runway.
It happens on the side of the runway, so called "change direction."
Or sweep, which occurs when the plane takes off a bend at the end of the runway.
[Speaker] Bong offers in collaboration with Embraer customers a range of
Guidance and guidance tools for the aircraft alongside aid training and procedures
To be followed by pilots.
The idea is to help pilots plan well for landing.
So that they can determine the status of a particular scale
In any weather conditions, and any time whether day or night.
And before the aircraft reach the airport
Pilots can make appropriate and informed decisions about how to land.
[Genkis] The pilots were superbly trained.
Aviation has become the safest transport,
But the conditions that emerge are usually unpredictable.
[MALE SPEAKER] One of those tools illustrates the enhancement of images on a warning screen.
They include planning for the approach, layout of the runway,
Along with guidance for stability and landing.
[Jenkins] We should innovate because there is only one solution.
We need to share the pilots.
We need to join regulators.
We also need engineers
To make the operating environment as safe as possible.
[Speaker] In the end, always bear the pilot responsibility and control of the aircraft,
But if this toolkit helps pilots reduce plane crashes,
It's a program that really deserves the effort of both Boeing and Embraer.
Jinkis cooperation is the foundation.
We as flight engineers aim to give pilots
So that they can make the right decisions.
We strive to be the first and last line of defense
When the plane takes off and lands.
Boeing Embraer